[MUSIC]
So, in this lecture, or this demo rather,
we are going to respond to a tweet.
So we're going to have the Raspberry Pi
looking for tweets on my stream.
If a tweet comes in that
matches certain criteria, and
that criteria is going to
be if it contains a string.
So we're going to do a filter operation.
We filter the tweets.
We look for that string.
If a tweet comes through with that string,
then, my Raspberry Pi will respond.
Now, I could have it
respond in any way but
I'll have it just print
a message to the screen.
But note, that we could have it do
a lotta different things if we wanted to.
So that's what we're going to do.
Let me first, again, connect to my
Raspberry Pi using Secure Show.
There it is.
Open.
Let's do the login.
Okay, and now let's just change the size
on the screen again so we can see it.
Sorry, I have to do this every time.
But I don't know how to make
the size change permanent.
Maybe I'll figure it out one day.
All right, okay, fine, there.
Now let's shrink the screen
up a little bit, there we go.
Okay, so now we have our Raspberry Pi
in this terminal window on the bottom.
Now, let's see, we'll start off,
and again, I'm assuming that
you already have a Twitter account, you
have already registered your Twitter app.
Just like we said in class,
you've registered your Twitter app,
gone through that process and
gotten the four necessary keys.
So I assume you've gotten those already.
And I assume that you've
already installed Twython and
the Twython package, using PIP and
so first you've installed PIP,
then you've used PIP to
install the Twitter package.
So, the Twitter, the Twython package.
So then you've got access
to the Twython SDK.
Now, let's start coding.
We'll go to Python.
We're going to do this
at the command line.
So we start Python, and let's start
off by importing, so from Twython.
Oops, Twython.
We're going to import
just a TwythonStreamer.
So, let me explain that in a second.
Import Twython.
Now, TwythonStreamer,
that's a class that's in that package, and
that's going to be basically
be connected to a stream and
it'll allow us to filter the stream and
look for
strength in the stream see if we can
detect tweets of a certain type.
So we import this TwythonStreamer
class from the string.
Next up, let us define my keys.
And now, I did this before.
I dunno if you saw the other video.
But these keys,
I don't want you to see my keys, so
normally I would just type in
the definition for the keys.
For instance, I can write CK, that's one
of my keys, consumer key that equals and
I can give it blah, blah,
blah, whatever, random value.
I could do that, right?
Now I don't want to reveal my key though,
so what I did was,
for these four keys I've
actually already defined them.
I listed definitions for
them in another file, in a Python file.
So I'm just going to execute
that file right now so
you can't actually see what my values are.
So I'll just say execfile.
This will just execute a Python file,
a Python script and
initkeys is the name of my script.
So, bam, now it has defined my
four keys c_k, c_s, a_t and a_s.
Those are my four keys.
So I've got them all defined now.
So, now what do I need to do?
What I need to do is define a new class,
a streamer class,
which extends TwythonStreamer.
So, the idea here is that we've imported
this TwythonStreamer class, but
the TwythonStreamer class it has certain
methods in there that are defined and
we want to redefine them to
do what we want them to do.
So the whole idea is that we're going to
define a function called on_success, and
this on_success function, it's a call bag.
It will be invoked whenever
you successfully find a tweet
that matches the criteria
we're looking for.
And we want to define that ourselves,
we don't want to use whatever definition
TwythonStreamer has,
we want to make our own definition.
So we're going to have to make a new
class, we'll call it MyStreamer, but
the name doesn't really matter and
it's going to extend TwythonStreamer.
Now, when we say extend,
that means it's going to inherit
everything from TwythonStreamer.
Okay, so, it's going to have
everything a TwythonStreamer had,
including this method called on_success.
So, we're going to redefine that method.
Def on_success.
Now that's going to take self,
as all methods do.
And then it's going to take data,
which is the data,
which is the tweet that actually matched.
So, we define on_success.
Now, we're going to say basically what
we want to do here in on_success,
is we want to say, look,
if data is not empty,
if there's actually text in there,
then we want to print a message.
Okay, just to say, look, we have a match.
So let's say if text.
Okay, so
data is actually like a dictionary.
So it'll have a text field if there
actually is some text in data,
then it'll have a text field.
So if text in data.
So data has text in it.
Then let's say we print, got it.
Say that.
That looks fine.
Okay, so that is all we need to define
in our class actually, right there.
So we define this new class called my
streamer, it extends TwythonStreamer,
it has an on_success method
which just prints, got it,
whenever it receives a message that
matches whatever criteria we define.
We haven't done that yet.
Whenever it finds that message and
that message has some actual text in it,
it'll just print, got it,
to say I have received it.
Now let's see.
Let's substantiate our new class.
So we'll make a stream, MyStreamer.
So we're calling MyStreamers
constructor now.
And it takes again,
four arguments just like TwythonClass,
four arguments which are the four keys.
So we're going to pass the four
keys which you can't see, but
I have defined them to these variables.
A_s, that's it, okay, so
now we have a stream.
Now we want to tell it that we want to
filter the stream for a particular string.
Now we can pick whatever string we want,
so we're going to say stream.
We're going to call the statuses
filter method, statuses, filter.
And we're going to pass
it a track argument.
Basically a string of
what I want it to track,
what it's going to be looking for
in these tweets.
So we have to make up a stream.
Let's say iot.
Nah, that's too easy.
Let's say, harrisiot, that's good.
harris_iot, fine.
Nobody's going to use that.
Okay, so, harris_iot.
So if somebody sent,
if I sent a tweet that said harris_iot,
in my stream, then it'll see that,
it'll detect that in my stream and
then it'll print got
it on the screen here.
Okay, so, let's go.
Bam.
Okay, so there's some messages, but
insecure platform, don't worry about that.
But notice that it is now waiting, right?
I don't have a prompt.
I don't have a new Python prompt.
It's now waiting, it's checking
the streams to see if anything comes
through that matches harris_iot.
So let us now open up Twitter.
Now here's my Twitter and
I just have a few stupid tweets here,
not important tweets, just test tweets.
So let's make a new tweet.
Up here, upper right says tweet,
so I'll tweet.
And I will put in haris_iot.
Now note when I tweet this the Raspberry
Pi in the bottom window should detect it
and print got it as a result.
Let us see if it works.
Got it, yes, it worked.
My tweet was posted.
And you can see down here in the bottom,
it says got it, successful,
mission accomplished.
And that's it.
So, you can see it's pretty easy to use.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]